Mr. Shen, madam. Didn't you say,
Did you drive him out of the Zhou family? This,
Having said that, he is my biological son after all.
I am just such a son,
Please Mr. Shen. Please pay more.
It’s really Mr. Shen. He is not Mr. Shen.
Are you Mr. Shen? What are you doing?
Mr. Ye and I want to apologize to you for what happened last time.
We are in this matter, why don't we ask you to be stupid.
Forget it, Mr. Zhou said, even if you die,
We can’t get even half a fortune.
My wife and I will go first.
I don’t dare to give an audience to anyone.
All have eyes but no pigs
I will never be the founder
Don't take me seriously
Can you let me fart just now?
Look at your young master like this
I don't seem to be qualified to accept this apology
I know if my son was offended
But this is the least fatal thing
But what have you done in Yunchen?
Drinking water leaks, hiring cloud to work illegally
Her things are not important
tidy up
People, come in and have a meal
Ah ah ah ah ah
I'm so fond of you
We have now severed our relationship with our daughter-in-law.